Add documentation about different installations options (#8031)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/installation.markdown

If you're running a Linux-based platform, we suggest you follow the [VirtualEnv instructions](/docs/installation/virtualenv/) to avoid using `root`.

You may need to install additional libraries depending on the platforms/components you want to use.

## {% linkable_title Characteristics of different install methods for Home Assistant %}

> You always get the full Home Assistant expirience despite the installation method you choose to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You always get the full Home Assistant experience despite the installation method you choose to use.
```

> How you would like to run Home Assistant is a choice of taste, the setup you already have, knowlede and what you want to accomplish with home assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How you would like to run Home Assistant is a choice of taste, the setup you already have, knowledge and what you want to accomplish with Home Assistant.
```

<p class='note'>

> Add-Ons provide an easy way to add more functionality to your setup through the gui.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add-ons provide an easy way to add more functionality to your setup through the GUI.
```

> Add-Ons in Hass.io are just docker containers containing some software.

Reviewer: Basically, correct, nevertheless, they do have more integrations possibilities in comparison to plain Docker.

```suggestion
Add-ons in Hass.io are essentially just docker containers containing some software.
```

They are configured to for Home Assistant for easy setup.

> You always can add the functionaliy provided by an Add-On by yourself if you are **not** running Hass.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You always can add the functionality provided by an add-on by yourself if you are **not** running Hass.io.
```

You just have to configure it by yourself accordingly to your setup.
</p>

| Installation method                           | Access to OS | Hass.io Add-Ons |
|:----------------------------------------------|:------------:|:--------------------------:|
| Hass.io on HassOS                             |      no      |            yes             |
| Hass.io on generic Linux server               |     yes      |            yes             |
| Hassbian                                      |     yes      |            no             |
| Home Assistant with Docker                    |     yes      |             no             |
| Home Assistant on Vagrant                     |     yes      |             no             |
| Home Assistant on different operating Systems |     yes      |             no             |

### Hass.io on HassOS

<div class="text-center" markdown="0">
    <div class='img-container'>
      <img src='/images/docs/architecture/hassio_on_hassos.svg' />
    </div>
</div>

This is a full appliance for running Home Assistant on your hardware using docker images running on HassOS.

> Home Assistant is running as a docker container as well as Add-Ons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Assistant is running as a docker container as well as add-ons.
```

> You can add additional functionality through Add-Ons which are just preconfigured docker images to run with Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add additional functionality through add-ons which are just preconfigured docker images to run with Home Assistant.
```

You will get:

> - You can use Add-Ons from the core team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to the add-ons from the core team.
```

> - You can use Add-Ons from the community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to the add-ons from the community.
```

> - You can use any other Add-Ons

Reviewer: Considering the above 2...  what are the "other" add-ons?

> - You can build your own Add-Ons (building and configuring docker images)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To possibility to build your own add-ons.
```

> - HassOS will run on the underling hardware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HassOS will run on the underlying hardware.
```

> - You do/can not need to touch the operating system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatic updates of the operating system (OTA).
```

> - You can update HassOS via Hass.io GUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  
### Hass.io on generic Linux server

<div class="text-center" markdown="0">
    <div class='img-container'>
      <img src='/images/docs/architecture/hassio_on_generic_linux_server.svg' />
    </div>
</div>

It is almost the same like Hass.io on HassOS but you do run Hass.io on your own operating system of choice instead of HassOS.

You will get:

> - full Home Assistant

Reviewer 2: What do you mean with this?

Author: Each installation method will give you home assistant with all features.

Often people do not understand that the hassio add-ons are not home assistant functionality itself, it is just more or less preconfigured software to work with home assistant.

> - Hass.io Add-Ons (some may not work properly)

Reviewer: `(some may not work properly)` this is actually incorrect. Add-ons may have an architecture limitation, so do docker containers or any other piece of software you'd like to install on a certain computer.

Author: I just added this comment as I saw this: 

```
When you use this installation method, the core SSH add-on may not function correctly. If that happens, use the community SSH add-on. Some of the documentation might not work for your installation either.
```
[Source](https://www.home-assistant.io/hassio/installation/#alternative-install-on-generic-linux-server)

I do not know how deep the add-ons are depending on hassio and therefore on hassOS.

If there is no other dependency than the architecture (for example there is only an arm6 container available but not for arm7) then we should not mention that.
